{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hi! \
\
Welcome to batch converter - a.k.a \'93FLAYVA MAYKA 5000!\'94\
\
This app is designed to help convert files from one codec/container to the other in our Baked Pipeline. \
\
Here are the steps for creating a batch of PRORESes from a batch of EXRs. The same steps can be repeated for the two other flavors this thing can make. \
\
1. Navigate to the folder structure named for the conversion you\'92re trying to make. \
2. Open it up, and notice the \'93In\'94 and \'93Out\'94 folders. This is where you\'92ll place your media and collect it when it\'92s done. \
3. Above the in/out folders is a .sh file. This is the script we\'92re running. Copy the full name of the script, including its extension. \
4. Go back to the root folder of the app and right click the conversion folder you\'92re trying to use - so for EXRs it would be \'931_EXR-PRORES\'94\
5. Select \'93New Terminal at Folder\'94 near the bottom of the drop down. \
6. Type ./(paste .sh file name - including .sh bit) \
7. Hit enter. \
\
That\'92s it! You can check progress by reading some of the stuff that pops up. It\'92ll show you what shot you\'92re on and what frame it\'92s encoding. }